echo "#"                                                                          >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh

echo "${MATLAB} -nojvm -nodisplay <<EOF "                                         >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                              >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "% ${thisCommand} Script Created on $theDate"                                >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                              >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "fprintf('Coregistation Script Created on ${theDate}\n');"                   >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                              >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "addpath $SPM8B1"                                                            >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "addpath $SPM8B2"                                                            >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh

# Add any other matlab we might need.

if [ ! -z "${SPM8B3}" ]
then
    echo "addpath ${SPM8B3}"                                                     >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
fi

# Add any other matlab we might need.

if [ ! -z "${AUXPATH}" ]
then
    echo "addpath ${AUXPATH}"                                                    >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
fi

echo "addpath ${UMBatchMaster}/$MATLABDIR"                                       >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                             >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "global UMBatchJobName"                                                     >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "global UMBatchProcessName"                                                 >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "UMBatchJobName     = '${SCRIPTNAME}'"                                      >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "UMBatchProcessName = '${thisCommand}'"                                     >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                             >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "${SCRIPTNAME}"                                                             >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                             >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "exit"                                                                      >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo "EOF"                                                                       >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
echo                                                                             >> ${FULLSCRIPTNAME}.sh
